feat(refacrds-generator): create the project structure (#32)
ineat/refcards: refcards-generator/Readme.md

> # Refcards Generator 

Reviewer: the naming convention for this file is `README.md`

> The goal of this project is to generate automatically HTML pages from the Refcards on Github thanks to NodeJs and Javascript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of this generator is to automatically generate statics HTML pages from the Markdown Refcards.
```

# First...

> To start this generator you'll need a computer with NodeJs and npm.

Reviewer: this chapter is not needed

> # Prerequisite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Prerequisites
```

> You can download NodeJs there :

Reviewer: here you can just list the needed technologies like 

```
- Node v12 minimum
- Npm 
```

```
https://nodejs.org
```

> # Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Getting started
```

> After installing NodeJs, you'll need to install the dependencies with npm :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need to install the dependencies with npm :
```

```
npm install
```

Then you can start the generation using :

```

> node index.js

Reviewer: you are using a script into your `package.json` so change this documentation to use the npm script instead of directly node command ;)
